README.md, before:

# WWJD

WWJD is a React Native app that simulates a Christ-like chatbot experience. The app uses OpenAI's API to generate responses in the tone and style of Jesus. Free users will see ads, while WWJD+ subscribers get an ad-free experience through RevenueCat.

## Development

1. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
2. Create a `.env` file (already included) with your OpenAI and RevenueCat keys.
3. Run the app with `npm start`.

## File Structure

- `App.tsx` – sets up navigation and wraps the app with the Ads and RevenueCat providers.
- `components/` – UI pieces like chat bubbles and the input bar.
- `screens/ChatScreen.tsx` – single chat interface using OpenAI.
- `utils/` – API wrapper, providers, and token tracking helper.
- `prompts/JesusPrompt.ts` – the system prompt used for Christ-like responses.

Enjoy a gentle conversation inspired by the teachings of Jesus.

## Cloud Functions

Server-side logic lives in the `functions/` directory and can be deployed to
Firebase using:

```bash
cd functions
npm run build
firebase deploy --only functions
```

Create a `.env` file based on `.env.example` with your OpenAI key.

Commit message:

refactor: switch to Gemini and Firebase auth

README.md, after:

# WWJD

WWJD is a React Native app that simulates a Christ-like chatbot experience. The app uses Google's Gemini model via Vertex AI to generate responses in the tone and style of Jesus. Free users will see ads, while WWJD+ subscribers get an ad-free experience through RevenueCat.

## Development

1. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
2. Create a `.env` file (already included) with your Firebase and RevenueCat keys.
3. Run the app with `npm start`.

## File Structure

- `App.tsx` – sets up navigation and wraps the app with the Ads and RevenueCat providers.
- `components/` – UI pieces like chat bubbles and the input bar.
- `screens/ChatScreen.tsx` – single chat interface using Vertex AI.
- `utils/` – API wrapper, providers, and token tracking helper.
- `prompts/JesusPrompt.ts` – the system prompt used for Christ-like responses.

Enjoy a gentle conversation inspired by the teachings of Jesus.

## Cloud Functions

Server-side logic lives in the `functions/` directory and can be deployed to
Firebase using:

```bash
cd functions
npm run build
firebase deploy --only functions
```

Create a `.env` file based on `.env.example` with your Firebase and Vertex AI keys.
